Hello,
  In the project, there are deletion and replacement parts in the books in the favorites section as desired. You can change the order by holding down the swap.
  For deletion, I used Slidable widget, so it will be enough to swipe to the left. In addition to the desired one, with the View changing feature, two different
  You can see the listing type. Bloc structures were used in Request transactions, and Cubit structures were used in transactions that did not contain Request. No widget without state change
  Stateful is not defined. Since the image requests of the data coming from FakerApi are customized with the Date.now() js command in its own url, it is during listing.
  I had to use the same structure in relisting the cards using the url (Otherwise it would always be the same photo-the Response values ​​are all the same-).
  Therefore, as DateTime.now changes during the reloading of the list cards, the photos will change, and each response already contains different data.
  
  WebRenderer:
  You can use Flutter's html rendering to run the application on the web.
  flutter run -d chrome --web-renderer html
  CanvasKit can also be used as a renderer. Without these renderers the application will not Build/Run directly on the web side.
  
  Responsivity:
  The application has been responsively designed. Since the responsive rates on the web side are very different compared to the mobile side, it was written with special conditions for the web.
  
  Shader warm-up was done with SkSl. The json output is located in the project folder. Apart from this, there is also an apk (Release) output with SkSl json output as apk output.
  It is in the build folder.
  
Thank you for your interest.

    - Veli Kaan Cetinel

Flutter 3.0.1 Used
It is using a Version Management System (fvm), if the fvm file is included, it is its config file.

Merhabalar,
  Projede favoriler bölmesindeki kitaplarda istenildiği gibi silme ve yer değiştirme kısımları mevcut. Yer değiştirme basılı tutarak sıralamayı değiştirebilirç
  Silme için ise Slidable widget kullandım bundan ötürü sola doğru kaydırmanız yeterli olacaktır. İstenilene ek olarak View değiştirme özelliği ile iki farklı 
  Listeleme tipi görebilirsiniz. Request işlemlerinde Bloc, Request içermeyen işlemlerde Cubit yapılarından faydalanıldı. State değişimi olmayan hiçbir widget
  Stateful tanımlanmadı. FakerApiden gelen dataların image requestleri kendi url'i içerisinde Date.now() js komutu ile özelleştirildiği için listeleme esnasında
  url kullanılarak kartların yeniden listelenmesinde ben de aynı yapıyı kullanmak zorunda kaldım(Yoksa hep aynı fotoğraf gelecekti-Response değerleri hepsinin aynı-).
  Bundan ötürü liste kartlarının yeniden yüklenmesi esnasında DateTime.now değiştiği için fotoğraflar değişecektir ki zaten her response farklı data içeriyor.
  
  Web Renderer:
  Uygulamayı web ortamında çalıştırmak için Flutterın html renderını kullanabilirsiniz.
  flutter run -d chrome --web-renderer html
  CanvasKit de renderer olarak kullanılabilir. Bu rendererlar olmadan uygulama web tarafında doğrudan Build/Run olmayacaktır.
  
  Responsivity:
  Uygulama responsive design edildi. Web tarafında responsive oranları Mobil tarafa göre çok farklı olduğundan ötürü web için özel koşullar ile yazıldı.
  
  SkSl ile Shader warm-up yapıldı. Json çıktısı proje klasöründe bulunmaktadır. Bunun dışında apk çıktısı olarak SkSl json çıktısı ile bir apk (Release) çıktısı da
  build klasörünün içindedir.
  
İlginiz için teşekkürler.

    - Veli Kaan Çetinel

Flutter 3.0.1 Kullanıldı
Version Management Sistemi kullanıyor(fvm) fvm dosyası dahil oldu ise onun config dosyasıdır.
